README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect project details and features of the Parking Management Application

README.md, after:

# Parking Management Application

This project is a Parking Management Application built with Next.js and Convex. It allows users to register their vehicles and allocate parking spaces for specified durations. The system utilizes Convex's cron jobs to periodically verify expired parking sessions and notify administrators of vehicles that have overstayed, facilitating the issuance of fines.

## Features

- **Vehicle Registration**: Users can register their vehicles by providing the license plate number.
- **Automated Session Monitoring**: The system runs hourly checks on active parking sessions to identify sessions that have exceeded their allocated time.
- **Notifications and Fines**: Administrators or enforcement officers are notified of vehicles with expired sessions, facilitating the issuance of fines (TO BE ADDED).

## Usage

- **Register Vehicle**: Users can register their vehicles by providing the license plate number.
- **Monitor Sessions**: Administrators can monitor active parking sessions and identify vehicles that have overstayed.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: A React framework for building server-side rendered applications.
- **Convex**: A backend platform providing database management and serverless functions.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling web applications.
- **shadcn/ui**: A UI component library for React applications.
